OmegleGrabber/README.md, before:

# Omegle Grabber

Get IP addresses on multiple video chat sites.

## Supported Sites

- [Omegle](https://www.omegle.com/)
- [OmeTV](https://ome.tv/)
- [ChatHub](https://chathub.cam/)
- [Emerald Chat](https://www.emeraldchat.com/)
- [CamSurf](https://camsurf.com/)
- [StrangerCam](https://strangercam.com/)
- [AlloTalk](https://allotalk.com/)

Currently won't work with any mode on a site that lets you talk to more than one person at a time.

## Use

Once the script is installed, the current user's IP will be displayed
under the video box. When not connected, the IP of the last user will be displayed.

<!--
I've seen a lot of examples of accurancy down to the city (at least on Omegle),
so now I'm not sure if this notice is actually even true.
Commenting it out for now.
-->

<!-- Note that the IP display **is not the actual user's**, but is the server that their connection
is relayed through to get to you.
This might be enough to get the user's country and maybe the state/province or even the city
(generally only this accurate in the US), but nothing more. -->

Commit message:

Make OmegleGrabber remove watermarks on Omegle and OmeTV

OmegleGrabber/README.md, after:

# Omegle Grabber

Get IP addresses on multiple video chat sites.

## Supported Sites

- [Omegle](https://www.omegle.com/)
- [OmeTV](https://ome.tv/)
- [ChatHub](https://chathub.cam/)
- [Emerald Chat](https://www.emeraldchat.com/)
- [CamSurf](https://camsurf.com/)
- [StrangerCam](https://strangercam.com/)
- [AlloTalk](https://allotalk.com/)

Watermarks are automatically removed for Omegle and OmeTV.
Currently won't work with any mode on a site that lets you talk to more than one person at a time.

## Use

Once the script is installed, the current user's IP will be displayed
under the video box. When not connected, the IP of the last user will be displayed.

<!--
I've seen a lot of examples of accurancy down to the city (at least on Omegle),
so now I'm not sure if this notice is actually even true.
Commenting it out for now.
-->

<!-- Note that the IP display **is not the actual user's**, but is the server that their connection
is relayed through to get to you.
This might be enough to get the user's country and maybe the state/province or even the city
(generally only this accurate in the US), but nothing more. -->
